[Release] sdk/resourcemanager/sitemanager/armsitemanager/0.1.0 (#24613)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/resourcemanager/sitemanager/armsitemanager/README.md

> # Azure Sitemanager Module for Go

Reviewer: please help refine the module name

Author: fixed

The `armsitemanager` module provides operations for working with Azure Site Manager.

[Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/tree/main/sdk/resourcemanager/sitemanager/armsitemanager)

# Getting started

## Prerequisites

- an [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/)
- Go 1.18 or above (You could download and install the latest version of Go from [here](https://go.dev/doc/install). It will replace the existing Go on your machine. If you want to install multiple Go versions on the same machine, you could refer this [doc](https://go.dev/doc/manage-install).)

## Install the package

This project uses [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules) for versioning and dependency management.

Install the Azure Site Manager module:

```sh
go get github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/resourcemanager/sitemanager/armsitemanager
```

## Authorization

> When creating a client, you will need to provide a credential for authenticating with Azure Sitemanager.  The `azidentity` module provides facilities for various ways of authenticating with Azure including client/secret, certificate, managed identity, and more.

Reviewer: please help refine the module name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a client, you will need to provide a credential for authenticating with Azure Site Manager.  The `azidentity` module provides facilities for various ways of authenticating with Azure including client/secret, certificate, managed identity, and more.
```

Reviewer: @jliusan could you help fix this? thanks

Author: fixed

```go
cred, err := azidentity.NewDefaultAzureCredential(nil)
```

For more information on authentication, please see the documentation for `azidentity` at [pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azidentity](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azidentity).

## Client Factory

> Azure Sitemanager module consists of one or more clients. We provide a client factory which could be used to create any client in this module.

Reviewer: please help refine the module name
